WIP: update docs for flask server (#550)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast.md

| --- | --- | --- |
| `result` | result code: 1 = success, 2 = too many results, -2 = no results | integer |

> | `epidata` | list of results, 1 per geo/time pair | array of objects |

Author: so far the docs doesn't mention about the new parameter options (multiple signals, new geo/time/signal parameter variants). So this one should still be true

results code and consider breaking up requests for e.g. large time intervals into multiple
API calls.

### Alternative Response Formats

In addition to the default EpiData Response format, users can customize the response format using the `format=` parameters.

#### JSON List Response

When setting the format parameter to `format=json`, it will return a plain list of the `epidata` response objects without the `result` and `message` wrapper. The status of the query is returned via HTML status codes. For example, a status code of 400 indicates that the request has wrong or missing parameter. The returned value is a JSON message with details.

#### CSV File Response

When setting the format parameter to `format=csv`, it will return a CSV file with same columns as the response objects. Similar to the JSON list response status codes are used.

#### JSON New Lines Response

When setting the format parameter to `format=jsonl`, it will return each row as an JSON file separated by a single new line character `\n`. This format is useful for incremental streaming of the results. Similar to the JSON list response status codes are used.

### Limit Returned Fields

> The `fields` parameter can be used to limit the number of returned fields in each returned row. This is useful in web application to reduce the amount of data that is downloaded. The `format` parameter supports two syntaxes. On the one hand, when listing field names only those field names will be returned. For example, `fields=geo_value,value` will return only those selected fields. On the other hand, when listing field names with a preceding dash, it will be interpreted to exclude those fields. For example, `fields=-direction` will not return the `direction` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fields` parameter can be used to limit which fields are included in each returned row. This is useful in web applications to reduce the amount of data transmitted. The `fields` parameter supports two syntaxes: allow and deny. Using allowlist syntax, only the listed fields will be returned. For example, `fields=geo_value,value` will drop all fields from the returned data except for `geo_value` and `value`. To use denylist syntax instead, prefix each field name with a dash (-) to exclude it from the results. For example, `fields=-direction` will include all fields in the returned data except for the `direction` field.
```
